+++
title = 'My First Post'
date = 2023-12-11T19:43:12-06:00
draft = false
+++

I started a blog, and this is my first post.

## Why did I start a blog?

Mainly because I realized that I had some thoughts to share that weren’t amenable to short-form posts on other platforms like LinkedIn or Mastodon.

At least initially, I’m hoping to share things I am learning in my new role as a product manager in the .NET Platform team. I have lots of experience with cloud platforms generally, through my earlier work on Azure SDKs and before that at IBM, but I’m a relative newcomer to .NET.

Some of these posts will probably just be highlighting resources I found helpful in building my knowledge of .NET. Some might have some original content that I think is worth sharing. Some might be on other topics entirely, but all still technology related in some way.

Another motivation for starting the blog is to build my skills at external communications. This comes from something I read in “The First 90-days”, a book recommended to me by a good friend to help me navigate my recent job change. Early in the book it recommends that you don’t just rely on your strengths but also seek to strengthen your weaknesses. I haven’t put much effort into blogging or social media in the past so this is certainly an area where I have opportunity for growth.

## How did I create a blog?

This question is easier to answer. I had heard about Hugo through some podcasts I listen to (mainly [Python Bytes](https://pythonbytes.fm/)), and while I looked into a few other options Hugo seemed straightforward but flexible enough for my needs.

Then I found an excellent [Tutorial by Sara Gibson on YouTube](https://youtu.be/_STFQc9Y2zY?si=MK0cDwJvidyheEpJ) which gives a step-by-step tutorial on creating a blog with Hugo on GitHub Pages. In addition to the video, Sara posted all the instructions with copy-and-paste commands [here](https://hackmd.io/bNjRJTVxQ_u6r5GfwSveOA).

However, I did run into a small issue with the cd.yml script — I had to update to checkout@v4 from checkout@v2 to fix a node 12 deprecation error.

I’m starting with the Beautiful Hugo theme, but had to customize it a bit for my taste. We’ll see how I like it after a few posts.

That’s it for my first blog post! I hope there will be many more and that folks find them interesting and informative.
